c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\bin\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\bin\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\bin\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.Form1.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.Purchase.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.Sale.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.SaleList.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.Stock.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.Customer.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.PurchaseList.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.Edit_PurchaseRecord.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.Edit_SaleRecord.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.Edit_CustomerRecord.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.Edit_StockRecord.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.SaleDetailsRecord.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.Purchase_Record.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.Sale_Data_edit.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.LogInForm.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.SingUpForm.resources
C:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\fetilizer_Inventry_project\fetilizer_Inventry_project\obj\Debug\fetilizer_Inventry_project.UserList.resources
